README.md, before:

# Hydrogen Template: Customized Demo Store

This repository began as Shopify’s official Hydrogen demo store but has since been extensively modified to better fit our unique requirements. The changes made over the course of development have been tracked in our commit history and include improvements in component structure, routing, styling, API integration, and more.

[Hydrogen Documentation](https://shopify.dev) | [Remix Documentation](https://remix.run)

## Key Custom Changes

- **Component Refactor:** Modularized components for better reusability and maintainability.
- **Routing & Navigation:** Introduced custom routes and dynamic pages.
- **Styling & Theming:** Tailwind CSS setup extended for custom brand styling.
- **API Optimization:** Improved GraphQL queries and added new endpoints.
- **Customer Account Features:** Enhanced customer authentication and account management.
- **Code Quality & Maintenance:** Regular updates, bug fixes, and performance improvements.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sergio-nezhigay/hydrogen.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

The application should now be running on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Main Packages

Key packages used include:

- **@shopify/hydrogen**, **@radix-ui/react** components, **graphql**, **tailwindcss**, and more.
- Development tools like **@remix-run** and **vite**.

For a full list of dependencies, refer to the `package.json`.

## About

This project is maintained by [Serhii Nezhyhai](https://github.com/sergio-nezhigay).

Commit message:

Update README to reflect the customized Shopify store and add related app link

README.md, after:

# Hydrogen Template: Customized Shopify Store

This repository began as Shopify’s official Hydrogen demo store but has since been extensively modified to better fit our unique requirements. The changes made over the course of development have been tracked in our commit history and include improvements in component structure, routing, styling, API integration, and more.

[Hydrogen Documentation](https://shopify.dev) | [Remix Documentation](https://remix.run)

## Key Custom Changes

- **Component Refactor:** Modularized components for better reusability and maintainability.
- **Routing & Navigation:** Introduced custom routes and dynamic pages.
- **Styling & Theming:** Tailwind CSS setup extended for custom brand styling.
- **API Optimization:** Improved GraphQL queries and added new endpoints.
- **Customer Account Features:** Enhanced customer authentication and account management.
- **Code Quality & Maintenance:** Regular updates, bug fixes, and performance improvements.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sergio-nezhigay/hydrogen.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

The application should now be running on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Main Packages

Key packages used include:

## Related Shopify App

For the related Shopify app, visit the repository here: [Suite Shopify App](https://github.com/sergio-nezhigay/suite).

- **@shopify/hydrogen**, **@radix-ui/react** components, **graphql**, **tailwindcss**, and more.
- Development tools like **@remix-run** and **vite**.

For a full list of dependencies, refer to the `package.json`.

## About

This project is maintained by [Serhii Nezhyhai](https://github.com/sergio-nezhigay).
